Rearrange GH App trigger intro to be more inclusive to all GH account types (#9220)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/github-trigger-event-options.adoc

== Introduction

CircleCI projects have pipelines and trigger.

* Pipelines define the various CI/CD 'units' of work that make up your project.
* Triggers define when and how to initiate a pipeline.

> Configure triggers under menu:Project settings[Triggers]. You can configure triggers to initiate pipelines on a variety of events

Reviewer: > You can configure triggers to initiate pipelines on a variety of events
> * Non-push events, for example, a pull request being opened
> * Push events, for example, only pushes to a default branch, or pushes to a tag.

This makes it sound like "push events" and "non push events" are the only options, I think we want to say "a variety of Git events". 
Or maybe something like "you can configure triggers to initiate pipelines on a variety of events. This page focuses on events from Github, but you can find the full list of events that can trigger a pipeline [here](https://circleci.com/docs/triggers-overview)

* Non-push events, for example, a pull request being opened
* Push events, for example, only pushes to a default branch, or pushes to a tag.

For a full list see <<supported-trigger-options>>.

.Trigger options under Project settings
image::triggers/run-on-open.png[Set a trigger option for a project trigger]

When you create or set up a project in CircleCI you will set up your first pipeline and trigger. This first trigger is, by default, an "all push" trigger, which corresponds to the link:https://docs.github.com/en/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads#push[GitHub App push event].

include::../_includes/partials/tips/check-github-type-org.adoc[]

> If you have a **GitHub App** account (see tip above) with CircleCI, you will see trigger options when creating a project in the CircleCI web app, and you have the option to change the trigger options for your first trigger. You can also set up additional triggers during project creation, or setup/edit later in your menu:Project settings[Triggers].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization is integrated with GitHub only through **GitHub App** (see tip above), you will see trigger options when creating a project in the CircleCI web app, and you have the option to change the trigger options for your first trigger. You can also set up additional triggers during project creation, or setup/edit later in your menu:Project settings[Triggers].
```

.Trigger options during project creation
image::triggers/create-project-run-on.png[Create a project trigger and access trigger options]

> If you have a **GitHub OAuth** integration (see tip above) with CircleCI, an org admin can install the CircleCI GitHub App to enable GitHub app pipeline functionality, including the trigger options described on this page. Installing the CircleCI GitHub App is a one-time action. For more information, see the xref:github-integration#installing-github-app-alongside-github-oauth-app[GitHub OAuth integration overview].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your org is integrated with *GitHub OAuth** integration (see tip above) with CircleCI, an org admin can install the CircleCI GitHub App to enable the full range of GitHub trigger events, as well as all other functionality enabled by the GitHub App. Installing the CircleCI GitHub App is a one-time action. For more information, see the xref:github-integration#installing-github-app-alongside-github-oauth-app[GitHub OAuth integration overview].
```

== Supported trigger options

[NOTE]
====
Regardless of your chosen trigger option, CircleCI will **never** trigger a pipeline for the following:

* On branch or tag deletion push events.

> * When a new branch is created if there are no new commits on the branch.

Reviewer: Ugh I've just realised - this last point is true for GitHub App but not true for OAuth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub App pipelines are also never trigger on the following:
* When a new branch is created if there are no new commits on the branch.
```
